# Intermediate Python3 Projects
In this repository we have some projects that I have built using concepts of **object oriented Programming**, **turtle in-built python module** and more.
Below we mention the various projects in this repository.
## Coffee_Machine
This project contains code which helps us to mimic the functionality of an actual coffee machine where the user is asked for their choice of drink (espresso/latte/cappuccino)) and checks if the machine has enough Resources or not to make the ordered drink. If resources are enough the machine then continues to ask the user to input their money for the drink and returns the change back to user with their drink. The machine can also be turned off at any point if nedded by using "off" as input as well as display a list of resources available in the machine at any given time by entering "report" as input.
## Snake
The project uses the turtle module from the python library to build the popular snake game where the snake is controlled by the user playing the game and can be moved in all directions but can only turn 90 degrees from its current head. The snake can increase its size by eating the food displayed on the screen and increase the palyer score by doing so. The game ends as soon as the snake's head comes in contact with the four walls of the screen or the body of the snake itself.
## Quiz_Game
In this project we a typical True/False Quiz game that anyone can play. The question data set is a list of Question objects created using the question class each containg the question and their respective answers. The QuizBrain class is then used to generate the questions that are displayed on the screen of the current player and the player is asked to enter their answer (true or false). Based on the input the program checks whether the input matches the answer or not and adds one to the score of the player is the anwser is correct. And so on the game continues till all questions are asked finally returning the players final score.  
## Turtle_projects
This folder consists of various mini projects that have been built with the help of the turtle in-built module in python to build **GUIs** such as a random walk, a sphirograph, making a dot painting based of an existing image using an external python module **colorgram.py** which helps to extract the r, g, b color values which are later used inside our program to generate our own version of the painting. Also we have turtle_races project which helps us to generate six different turtle objects each with a different color asking the user to place their bet on one of them and then makes them race with each other finally to return if the user won or lost their bet based on the turtle that won the race.
